Functional analysis specification for Login page.

1. Introduction 

These are the functional specifications for Authentication System. This System involves the browsing to the home page of the site, the user logging on and displaying the appropriate page according to user role.
  
  
2. Scope  

This document describes the functional requirements for the Authentication system. Additional requirements may be added in the future during the design phase so as to more fully specify the this system or to more completely define this system.
  
3. Requirements 

The following sub-sections delineate the major requirements for eh Hierarchical Authentication system.  

3.1 Home Page

There shall be an initial page displayed by all accesses to the Web Site.This shall be the Home Page of the site. The Home page of the site shall contain the following controls:
  
  a. Logon
		This control shall spawn the logon method.
	b. Contact Info
		This control shall display the Contact information page in a new window.
	c. Unbabel site link
		The controls shall activate the hyperlink in a new window.
    
3.2 Logon
The Host Server shall contain definitions for user names, passwords and access roles, e.g. Administrator role, User role. These definitions shall be local to the Host Server only and shall be inaccessible from the Client in any form. The logon method shall be displayed at the user location. The logon shall succeed or fail. In case of a failure, a default authentication page shall be displayed with a notification "Warning! Invalid Credentials. Please try again." 
The logon shall be capable of cancellation. If cancelled the Home page shall be displayed. Empty password field should display the word "password". The password as entered shall display the character * in place of each password character entered.    
  
3.3 Logout  
After a successful login and the login page is displayed, Main Page shall contain a logout control. When activated the logout control shall display the Home Page is displayed and all subordinate windows are closed.  
  
3.4 Workflow  
When a user performs a successful logon, the proper page shall be sent to the client allowing the displayed information to be read, entered or changed depending upon the role of the authenticated user. Further, only subordinate pages in the page hierarchy that fit the role of the user logon shall be available for viewing. 
  
3.5 Contact us
 This button should contain an email link to unbabel email server (mailto:contact@unbabel.com).


    


